Add L-M lettered article stubs from glossary (#3840)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Glossary/Lead-in/en.md

> ---

Reviewer: folder names shouldn't have hyphens in the iirc

Reviewer 2: They can actually, I'll add that to the ASC

tags:
  - leadin
---

# Lead-in

> The **lead-in** is a 3 second period of silence which is occasionally inserted at the beginning of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps/). This is done to give players time to react to incoming [hit objects](/wiki/Hit_object) if a mapper has placed them close to the start of the song.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **lead-in** is a three second period of silence that is occasionally inserted at the beginning of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps/). This is done to give players time to react to incoming [hit objects](/wiki/Hit_object) if a creator has placed them close to the start of the song.
```
